README.md, before:

tomdoc.sh
=========

tomdoc.sh will parse [TomDoc]'d shell scripts and generate pretty documentation
from it.

TomDoc for shell? - Absolutely. Even though TomDoc was originally specified to
document Ruby code, it turns out to be a good fit for shell scripts too. Proof:

```sh
# Public: Current API version in format "x.y.z".
export API_VERSION="1.2.3"

# Public: Execute commands in debug mode.
#
# Takes a single argument and evaluates it only when the test script is started
# with --debug. This is primarily meant for use during the development of test
# scripts.
#
# $1 - Commands to be executed.
#
# Examples
#
#   test_debug "cat some_log_file"
#
# Returns the exit code of the last command executed in debug mode or 0
#   otherwise.
test_debug() {
	test "$debug" = "" || eval "$1"
}
```

Passing the above to tomdoc.sh results in:

### API_VERSION

    Public: Current API version in format "x.y.z".

### test_debug()

    Public: Execute commands in debug mode.

    Takes a single argument and evaluates it only when the test script is started
    with --debug. This is primarily meant for use during the development of test
    scripts.

    $1 - Commands to be executed.

    Examples

      test_debug "cat some_log_file"

    Returns the exit code of the last command executed in debug mode or 0
      otherwise.

(end of generated markdown)

For maximum portability, tomdoc.sh was written in POSIX shell and only depends
on ubiquitous Unix tools like `sed(1)` and `grep(1)`.

The project was inspired by [tomdoc.rb].


Installation
------------

Installing tomdoc.sh is simple:

    $ git clone git://github.com/mlafeldt/tomdoc.sh.git
    $ cd tomdoc.sh
    $ make install

That will install tomdoc.sh to `$HOME/bin` by default. For a different target
directory, set `bindir` accordingly, e.g.

    # make install bindir=/usr/local/bin


Usage
-----

    Usage: tomdoc.sh [options] [--] [<shell-script>...]

        -h, --help               show help text
        --version                show version
        -t, --text               produce plain text (default format)
        -m, --markdown           produce markdown
        -a, --access <level>     filter by access level

For each TomDoc'd shell script you pass to tomdoc.sh, it will produce pretty
documentation in plain text (option `--text`, the default) or markdown format
(`--markdown`), writing the results to the standard output.

With `--access`, output can be limited to shell functions and variables
documented as "Public", "Internal", or "Deprecated".

The `<shell-script>` operands are processed in command-line order. If
`<shell-script>` is a single dash (-) or absent, tomdoc.sh reads from the
standard input.

For testing, you can run tomdoc.sh on itself:

    $ ./tomdoc.sh --text tomdoc.sh
    $ ./tomdoc.sh --markdown tomdoc.sh

The generated output can be seen [here][fixtures].


Tests
-----

The `test` folder contains some automated test scripts powered by [Sharness].

You can run the tests this way:

    $ make test


License
-------

* tomdoc.sh is licensed under the terms of the MIT License. See [LICENSE] file.
* [Sharness] and all tests are licensed under the terms of the GNU General
  Public License version 2 or higher. See file [COPYING] for full license text.


Contact
-------

* Web: <https://github.com/mlafeldt/tomdoc.sh>
* Mail: <mathias.lafeldt@gmail.com>
* Twitter: [@mlafeldt](https://twitter.com/mlafeldt)


[COPYING]: https://github.com/mlafeldt/tomdoc.sh/blob/master/test/COPYING
[LICENSE]: https://github.com/mlafeldt/tomdoc.sh/blob/master/LICENSE
[Sharness]: https://github.com/mlafeldt/Sharness
[TomDoc]: http://tomdoc.org
[fixtures]: https://github.com/mlafeldt/tomdoc.sh/tree/master/test/fixtures
[tomdoc.rb]: https://github.com/defunkt/tomdoc

Commit message:

Made the markdown more beautiful
Old version:

    ### Heading Text

        Some paragraph line 1. Does this wrap
        for line 2?  Old one preserves newlines.

        $1 - First argument
        $2 - Second argument
             :name - TomDoc allows description of hashes/dictionaries

        Examples

          This is an example

New version:

    Heading Text
    ------------

    Some paragraph line 1. Does this wrap for line 2?  Old one preserves newlines.

    * $1 - First argument
    * $2 - Second argument
        * :name - TomDoc allows for description of hashes/dictionaries

    Examples

        This is an example.

As a result, the generated markdown looks better, especially when
converted to HTML afterwards.

README.md, after:

tomdoc.sh
=========

tomdoc.sh will parse [TomDoc]'d shell scripts and generate pretty documentation
from it.

TomDoc for shell? - Absolutely. Even though TomDoc was originally specified to
document Ruby code, it turns out to be a good fit for shell scripts too. Proof:

```sh
# Public: Current API version in format "x.y.z".
export API_VERSION="1.2.3"

# Public: Execute commands in debug mode.
#
# Takes a single argument and evaluates it only when the test script is started
# with --debug. This is primarily meant for use during the development of test
# scripts.
#
# $1 - Commands to be executed.
#
# Examples
#
#   test_debug "cat some_log_file"
#
# Returns the exit code of the last command executed in debug mode or 0
#   otherwise.
test_debug() {
	test "$debug" = "" || eval "$1"
}
```

Passing the above to tomdoc.sh results in:

```
API_VERSION
-----------

Public: Current API version in format "x.y.z".

test_debug()
------------

Public: Execute commands in debug mode.

Takes a single argument and evaluates it only when the test script is started with --debug. This is primarily meant for use during the development of test scripts.

* `$1` - Commands to be executed.

Examples

    test_debug "cat some_log_file"

Returns the exit code of the last command executed in debug mode or 0 otherwise.
```

For maximum portability, tomdoc.sh was written in POSIX shell and only depends
on ubiquitous Unix tools like `sed(1)` and `grep(1)`.

The project was inspired by [tomdoc.rb].


Installation
------------

Installing tomdoc.sh is simple:

    $ git clone git://github.com/mlafeldt/tomdoc.sh.git
    $ cd tomdoc.sh
    $ make install

That will install tomdoc.sh to `$HOME/bin` by default. For a different target
directory, set `bindir` accordingly, e.g.

    # make install bindir=/usr/local/bin


Usage
-----

    Usage: tomdoc.sh [options] [--] [<shell-script>...]

        -h, --help               show help text
        --version                show version
        -t, --text               produce plain text (default format)
        -m, --markdown           produce markdown
        -a, --access <level>     filter by access level

    Parse TomDoc'd shell scripts and generate pretty documentation from it.

For each TomDoc'd shell script you pass to tomdoc.sh, it will produce pretty
documentation in plain text (option `--text`, the default) or markdown format
(`--markdown`), writing the results to the standard output.

With `--access`, output can be limited to shell functions and variables
documented as "Public", "Internal", or "Deprecated".

The `<shell-script>` operands are processed in command-line order. If
`<shell-script>` is a single dash (-) or absent, tomdoc.sh reads from the
standard input.

For testing, you can run tomdoc.sh on itself:

    $ ./tomdoc.sh --text tomdoc.sh
    $ ./tomdoc.sh --markdown tomdoc.sh

The generated output can be seen [here][fixtures].


Tests
-----

The `test` folder contains some automated test scripts powered by [Sharness].

You can run the tests this way:

    $ make test


License
-------

* tomdoc.sh is licensed under the terms of the MIT License. See [LICENSE] file.
* [Sharness] and all tests are licensed under the terms of the GNU General
  Public License version 2 or higher. See file [COPYING] for full license text.


Contact
-------

* Web: <https://github.com/mlafeldt/tomdoc.sh>
* Mail: <mathias.lafeldt@gmail.com>
* Twitter: [@mlafeldt](https://twitter.com/mlafeldt)


[COPYING]: https://github.com/mlafeldt/tomdoc.sh/blob/master/test/COPYING
[LICENSE]: https://github.com/mlafeldt/tomdoc.sh/blob/master/LICENSE
[Sharness]: https://github.com/mlafeldt/Sharness
[TomDoc]: http://tomdoc.org
[fixtures]: https://github.com/mlafeldt/tomdoc.sh/tree/master/test/fixtures
[tomdoc.rb]: https://github.com/defunkt/tomdoc
