test/fixtures/tomdoc.sh.md, before:

`TOMDOCSH_VERSION`
------------------

Current version of tomdoc.sh.


`SPACE_RE`
----------

Regular expression matching whitespace.


`NOT_SPACE_RE`
--------------

The inverse of the above, must match at least one character


`NAME_RE`
---------

Regular expression matching shell function or variable name.  Functions may use nearly every character.  See [issue #8].  Disallowed characters (hex, octal, then a description or a character):

    00 000 null       01 001 SOH        09 011 Tab        0a 012 Newline
    20 040 Space      22 042 Quote      23 043 #          24 044 $
    26 046 &          27 047 Apostrophe 28 050 (          29 051 )
    2d 055 Hyphen     3b 073 ;          3c 074 <          3d 075 =
    3e 076 >          5b 133 [          5c 134 Backslash  60 140 Backtick
    7c 174 |          7f 177 Delete

Exceptions allowed as leading character:  \x3d and \x5b Exceptions allowed as secondary character: \x23 and \x2d

Must translate to raw characters because Mac OS X's sed does not work with escape sequences.  All escapes are handled by printf.

[issue #8]: https://github.com/tests-always-included/tomdoc.sh/issues/8


`uncomment()`
-------------

Strip leading whitespace and '#' from TomDoc strings.

Returns nothing.


`generate_text()`
-----------------

Generate the documentation for a shell function or variable in plain text format and write it to stdout.

* $1 - Function or variable name
* $2 - TomDoc string

Returns nothing.


`generate_markdown()`
---------------------

Generate the documentation for a shell function or variable in markdown format and write it to stdout.

* $1 - Function or variable name
* $2 - TomDoc string

Returns nothing.


`parse_code()`
--------------

Read lines from stdin, look for shell function or variable definition, and print function or variable name if found; otherwise, print nothing.

Returns nothing.


`parse_tomdoc()`
----------------

Read lines from stdin, look for TomDoc'd shell functions and variables, and pass them to a generator for formatting.

Returns nothing.

Commit message:

Functions and variables have completely different rules
Because the rules for function names and variables are different, there
must now be separate patterns for each.

test/fixtures/tomdoc.sh.md, after:

`TOMDOCSH_VERSION`
------------------

Current version of tomdoc.sh.


`SPACE_RE`
----------

Regular expression matching whitespace.


`NOT_SPACE_RE`
--------------

The inverse of the above, must match at least one character


`FUNC_NAME_RE`
--------------

Regular expression matching shell function or variable name.  Functions may use nearly every character.  See [issue #8].  Disallowed characters (hex, octal, then a description or a character):

    00 000 null       01 001 SOH        09 011 Tab        0a 012 Newline
    20 040 Space      22 042 Quote      23 043 #          24 044 $
    26 046 &          27 047 Apostrophe 28 050 (          29 051 )
    2d 055 Hyphen     3b 073 ;          3c 074 <          3d 075 =
    3e 076 >          5b 133 [          5c 134 Backslash  60 140 Backtick
    7c 174 |          7f 177 Delete

Exceptions allowed as leading character:  \x3d and \x5b Exceptions allowed as secondary character: \x23 and \x2d

Must translate to raw characters because Mac OS X's sed does not work with escape sequences.  All escapes are handled by printf.

[issue #8]: https://github.com/tests-always-included/tomdoc.sh/issues/8


`VAR_NAME_RE`
-------------

Regular expression matching variable names.  Similar to FUNC_NAME_RE. Variables are far more restrictive.

Leading characters can be A-Z, _, a-z. Secondary characters can be 0-9, =, A-Z, _, a-z


`uncomment()`
-------------

Strip leading whitespace and '#' from TomDoc strings.

Returns nothing.


`generate_text()`
-----------------

Generate the documentation for a shell function or variable in plain text format and write it to stdout.

* $1 - Function or variable name
* $2 - TomDoc string

Returns nothing.


`generate_markdown()`
---------------------

Generate the documentation for a shell function or variable in markdown format and write it to stdout.

* $1 - Function or variable name
* $2 - TomDoc string

Returns nothing.


`parse_code()`
--------------

Read lines from stdin, look for shell function or variable definition, and print function or variable name if found; otherwise, print nothing.

Returns nothing.


`parse_tomdoc()`
----------------

Read lines from stdin, look for TomDoc'd shell functions and variables, and pass them to a generator for formatting.

Returns nothing.
